README.md, before:

# SOEN341 Project

## Objective
SOEN 341 Fall 2021 challenges students to develop a simplified version of the application Stack Overflow with creative freedom regarding development and deployment.


## Programming Languages and Techniques 
TBD


## Project Description
Stack Overflow is a website known as the question and answer platform for people to ask any technical question they have and receive answers from other software developers. Users have the ability to vote on questions which they consider best to help others find the most optimal solution. To discern users from one another, they must have login credentials to post or answer questions. Furthermore, some additional features can be included to enhance user experience such as tags and more

## Core Features
Core Feature 1: Asking and answering questions <br/>
Core Feature 2: Voting on the answers

## Team Members 
* Elyes Bahri ([Github/Elyes-Bahri](https://github.com/elyes-bahri))
* Kevin Emmanuel ([Github/Kenn55](https://github.com/kenn55))
* Ahmed Enani ([Github/3enani](https://github.com/3enani))
* Lina Ismail ([Github/linaism](https://github.com/linaism))
* Anusha Reddy Lattupally ([Github/Anusha-Reddy-Lattupally](https://github.com/Anusha-Reddy-Lattupally))
* Anita Rao ([Github/ani-6292](https://github.com/ani-6292))
* Juhi Rao ([Github/j-5884](https://github.com/j-5844))

Commit message:

#1 Added Additional features, Future features

README.md, after:

# SOEN341 Project

## Objective
SOEN 341 Fall 2021 challenges students to develop a simplified version of the application Stack Overflow with creative freedom regarding development and deployment.


## Programming Languages and Techniques 
TBD


## Project Description
Stack Overflow is a website known as the question and answer platform for people to ask any technical question they have and receive answers from other software developers. Users have the ability to vote on questions which they consider best to help others find the most optimal solution. To discern users from one another, they must have login credentials to post or answer questions. Furthermore, some additional features can be included to enhance user experience such as tags and more

## Core Features
Core Feature 1: Asking and answering questions <br/>
Core Feature 2: Voting on the answers

## Additional features
Able to search answer by filering the user
Using tag name as filter that categorizes our questions with other similar questions.

## Future Features
Display the number of votes on the answers.
Creating and accessing personal account.

## Team Members 
* Elyes Bahri ([Github/Elyes-Bahri](https://github.com/elyes-bahri))
* Kevin Emmanuel ([Github/Kenn55](https://github.com/kenn55))
* Ahmed Enani ([Github/3enani](https://github.com/3enani))
* Lina Ismail ([Github/linaism](https://github.com/linaism))
* Anusha Reddy Lattupally ([Github/Anusha-Reddy-Lattupally](https://github.com/Anusha-Reddy-Lattupally))
* Anita Rao ([Github/ani-6292](https://github.com/ani-6292))
* Juhi Rao ([Github/j-5884](https://github.com/j-5844))
